My name is Jod Na Nawood. And you are?
- Neel.
- I'm Wim.
He's a Jedi.
He has a friend that can help us get home.
At Attin? At Attin?
Your home has been purposely hidden
from the rest of the galaxy.
This scroll depicts
the Jewels of the Old Republic.
Long ago, they were all destroyed,
except for one.
We need a map.
[Kh'ymm] We'll search my archive
by astronomical feature.
- [typing]
- Tell me, what makes your planet special
in all the galaxy?
Nothing. It's totally boring.
- [radio static]
- [man on radio] Moon, come in.
- [squawking]
- This is Sector Patrol,
- inbound to your position.
- Call them off.
[Kh'ymm] You can't trust Jack!
- He'll betray you!
- [Jod grunting]
[Kh'ymm grunts, squawks]
[Jod] I've got the coordinates. Come on.
We are not going anywhere
until you tell us who you are.
[Wim] You are a Jedi, right?
I never actually said that.
- What?
- But you and me, we want the same thing.
Let's make a deal. I'll get you home.
Maybe get a little reward.
We'll make a partnership.
[powering up]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[music ends]
[♪ stirring music playing]
Rennod's ghost, I can't believe it.
I can't believe it. At Attin.
[breathes heavily] At-- It's real.
Hey, no adults in the cockpit.
Yeah, right.
Fern.
Captain Fern.
You work for us, remember?
[SM-33] You heard her.
C-Captain Fern gave an order.
[Jod] Yes, Captain Fern. I'm so sorry.
[chuckles]
[KB] Over there!
That's it! Look!
- Houses!
- Home!
[♪ enthralling music playing]
Just when things were starting to get fun.
[♪ tense music playing]
- [all screaming]
- [alarms blaring]
What happened?
Oh, we're being locked into
an autopilot landing sequence.
Wait, is that normal?
Is it normal? Do you know?
[SM-33] I'll cancel the autopilot
and bring it in meself.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Wim] Where is everybody?
[Neel] Hello?
[creaking]
- [distant explosion]
- [Wim gasps]
[Fern] What was that?
So...
This is At Attin?
[smacks lips] It tastes like ashy dust.
Looks a lot like my home planet, actually.
[Neel] No, wait!
[stutters] This isn't home. Look! [pants]
Neel, wait for me!
Wait, don't-- Don't run off!
[Fern] 33, keep Jod on the ship
until we get back.
Aye-aye, Cap'n.
Initiating babysitting sequence.
Come on, baby.
On to the ship, baby.
- [stutters] Baby, come onto the ship.
- [Jod sighs]
[SM-33] Don't make me count.
[structure rattling]
- [Wim grunts]
- [KB] Fern, this isn't safe.
The structure is in danger of collapsing.
Okay, so be careful where you step.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we know. We got it.
See, it looks like home, but it can't be.
This tree is way too big.
Whatever happened here,
it happened a long time ago.
Unless-- Do you think maybe we fell asleep
for a 100 years
like the Tales of the Knights, and now--
Dummy, this isn't a story.
He's saying this isn't At Attin.
Uh, Fern, it looks exactly like it.
It does look exactly like home.
But Kh'ymm said that there were
other hidden planets like ours
that were all destroyed.
So maybe this is another planet,
co-founded with At Attin.
And anyone that lives here
might know about home.
Ew, gross.
Maybe you shouldn't be touching that.
[♪ jaunty tune playing]
[turns off]
[chuckles]
Thief!
[Jod grunts]
- We got a dirty thief on board!
- It's Jod. [groans]
It's Jod. It's Jod.
Sorry. At Achrann be playing tricks
on me memory circuits.
At Achrann?
What, is that the name of this planet?
Aye. At Achrann.
'Tis a dangerous place.
I know it well.
Right.
What about, um...
What about At Attin?
At Attin...
This planet does remind me...
- [squeaks]
- [grunts]
- C-Can't say I remember no At Attin.
- [machinery whirring]
Let me see if I can jog your memory.
[mimics lightsaber]
[Neel wheezing]
This smoke is clogging my trunk.
[KB] Maybe getting directions
is gonna be harder than I thought.
- There's gotta be somebody on this planet.
- [object rattles]
What was that?
[Fern] Hello?
Hello?
Whoa.
[panting]
I wonder who this guy was.
[KB] Maybe he was
the leader of this planet.
[Wim] Yeah.
King No Head.
You think his name is King No Head?
It could be.
[Neel] Who cares?
I mean, the statue's creepy.
Everything's creepy here!
- [screams, grunts]
- [Fern gasps]
[♪ ominous music playing]
- [coughs] Who's that?
- Quiet.
[yelps, grunts]
[panting]
What flag do you fly?
What flag do we fly? What does that mean?
We don't fly a flag.
[Wim yelps]
- Who are you?
We are Troik.
What?
- What?
- What did she say?
- Troik.
- Troi--
- [whispers] What'd she say?
- I don't know!
We are Troik.
If that Hattan patrol gets much closer,
they'll kill us all, no questions asked.
So quickly, for the last time,
who are you?
I'm Wim.
Are you guys, like, an army of kids
battling the adults
for control over the planet?
- What?
- I'm Neel.
All we want is to find our way home.
Take cover. The enemy approaches.
[Wim] Whoa.
[man shouts in distance]
[man speaks indistinctly]
Who is that?
- Enemy patrol. [shushes]
- [Hattan warriors marching]
[Wim] Whoa.
[Hattan commander] Forward!
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Hattan warrior 2]
Set up, set up, left leg!
[Hattan warrior 3] Onward!
[Hattan warrior 4] Right side!
[Hattan warrior 5] This way!
- [gasps]
- [Hattan warrior 6] Stay in formation!
We must slip away.
[eopies chittering]
- [Wim] Whoa.
- I can take you somewhere safe.
Follow me. Quick and quiet.
[man whistles]
Whoa. It's a school.
[indistinct conversations]
- [Wim] Look at those guys.
- [eopie grunts]
[girl shouting indistinctly]
Papa, I have found our eopies.
They were stolen by a Hattan patrol.
- [man] Very good.
- [child] On your knee!
- [Troik warriors grunt]
- You kneel before General Strix,
leader of the Troik
and the one true ruler of At Achrann.
These offworlders have offered
their meaningless names.
Wim, Neel, KB, and Fern.
- Captain Fern, actually.
- [grunts]
[staff clanks]
Captain Fern?
You are warriors, then?
- [Neel] We're kids!
- [Fern] Neel! Shh!
Ah, but on this world,
we treat our children as adults.
[staff clanks]
We acknowledge their strength.
- And we help them...
- [staff clanks]
help themselves.
Get on your feet, soldier.
And welcome.
If we didn't honor our children,
then my daughter Hayna
never would have saved you.
Bless your hides.
You must be brave
to wander into Hattan zones.
Now, tell me, what do you seek?
Directions home.
Do you know the planet At Attin?
Uh, sadly, we do not concern ourselves
with offworlders
beyond trading hides for munition.
So, you don't have any ancient maps
or any star charts or--
What about the knowledge hidden
in the Fallen Sanctum?
- Hayna.
- Fallen Sanctum?
What's that?
There are old carvings.
Coordinates for other planets.
Perhaps one of them is your home?
Can you take us there?
[sighs] No, that's too dangerous.
It is a distant place.
You would not survive the journey.
But yet...
you each have potential.
Maybe they can be of use.
Of use how?
Train with my warriors,
and we will decide if you are ready
to brave the Fallen Sanctum.
We're not afraid.
- Very good.
- [staff clanking]
- [Troik warriors grunt]
- [General Strix] Now, go. Go.
[Jod] Come on.
- Anything look familiar?
- [SM-33] Yes.
Yes! There was a tower. I can't remember.
- Go on.
- What am I supposed to remember?
Anything remind you of At Attin? Hmm?
And treasure?
- [stutters] Warriors.
- No. Treasure.
Yeah, I remember warriors like these...
- No.
- Snuck past 'em, we did.
Not warriors. Treasure!
Hidden treasure.
[♪ tense music playing]
[Hattan warrior] You there!
What flag do you fly?
[blasters loading]
You know what, just shoot me.
- [object clatters]
- [Hayna] Good. Now move.
Hey, hey!
[Fern] Bet you can't hit this!
- [Wim] Oh, really? Well, watch this!
- Your friends are hopeless.
- [blasters firing]
- Yeah, I know.
[playful chatter]
Do you not wish to join them?
- [Wim] Yeah!
- No, not really.
You're wise.
These weapons are weak.
Come, I will show you something bigger.
Wait. Where are we going?
[door sliding]
[kid 1] This is mine!
[kid 2] No, wait.
- [kid 1] No!
- [kid 2] Give it back!
[Neel] This is where you live?
On the roof of the school?
[Hayna] Come, claim your daily ration.
[Neel] This planet
is so different from mine.
Why are you in a war?
Last week,
the Hattan stole a herd of our eopies.
The beasts may stink,
but our lives depend on them.
So today, we will raid to take them back
and burn their granary.
The old ones say
each generation grows weaker.
But when my father dies,
I will be the one
to lead my clan to victory.
[♪ melancholic music playing]
Are you guys hungry?
Hey! Here is what I wanted to show you.
[mechanism whirring]
Whoa.
This weapon still works from the Old Days.
Its strength is what keeps us safe here.
This isn't fair.
You shouldn't have to be at war
all the time.
See that building?
On my planet,
that's where my mom's job is.
And when I'm done with school,
the Supervisor will
give me a job there too.
It's peaceful.
So, there's no combat on this At Attin?
No. But we do play this one game
called slap ball.
You know, like the...
Uh, I'm one of the best players.
You must be a very weak clan.
[Neel sighs]
Yeah, you're probably right. [grunts]
We never have to fight.
For anything.
We have always had to fight
just to survive.
We fight for food.
We fight to protect our friends.
We are strong.
But fighting is...
Fighting is bad.
If you just keep raiding each other,
do you think it'll even ever end?
Yes.
If it was me, I'd just say I was sorry.
No more fighting.
But that's probably just 'cause
I get too scared
'cause I'm from a weak clan.
Never mind. You shouldn't listen to me.
You know, the one fight I was ever in
was this one time my little brother,
Jorko, stole my protractor,
and I chased him all around the house
until he jumped on my head,
and I fell on the credenza
and sprained my trunk.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
He totally beat me,
- even though he's about half my size.
- [laughs]
[both laughing]
[Hayna] I've never met
anyone like you before.
Whoa! Oh, nice, KB.
- Where have they been?
- [Wim] Oh, Neel, Neel, check this out!
[straining] Look at this thing.
[Fern] Wim. No, Wim,
I don't think that's a good idea.
No, it's fine, it's fine.
Just look. Just look.
[cranking]
[screams, breathing heavily]
[Fern and Neel chuckle]
I see you train with spirit, my boy.
And now, you will prove your potential.
Captain Fern and her crew
will honor us by leading us into battle.
What?
Um...
That's very gracious of you, but...
No, thanks.
[staff clanking]
[Troik warriors grunting]
[Wim softly] It'll be fine.
We'll just win the battle,
and he'll take us to the Fallen Sanctum.
Are you crazy?
As soon as the fighting begins,
drop your weapon and follow Fern.
Quiet. Even talking of desertion
will get you shot.
- [Troik warrior] Hold.
- [electronic warbling]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Go now. Scout ahead.
Us?
Hmm... [grunts]
[blasters loading]
Come on.
Fern, how are we gonna run away from this?
[breath trembling]
- [Wim] Neel?
- [Neel] No.
[Wim] Neel, come on, let's go.
I will go with them.
Hayna!
[hesitates] You don't have to.
I thought you might be nervous.
[sighs] I'm terrified.
When I feel that way,
it is better to be with a friend.
Friend?
Very well.
Then go.
Okay. [nervously] Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
It is better with a friend.
But let me just say, as a friend...
[breathing heavily] this isn't right.
And I'm not just saying this
because I'm scared.
Even though I am scared.
But, I mean, fighting in a raid?
I don't want to hurt anybody.
The really brave thing
would be to just make peace already.
[cawing]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[sighs in relief]
[exhales]
[chuckles] Wow.
You're the Troiks, right?
I believe these belong to you.
- [cawing]
- [eopies grunting]
[eopies bellowing]
The Troik owe you a debt, sir.
Name your rewards.
Weapons? Hides?
These four.
The little ones.
Yeah.
Yeah, I need them.
- Let them go.
- [Jod] Aye.
Hey, Fern.
Jod, you actually--
- We're saved!
- [Jod grunts]
- Thanks.
- It's all right.
[KB] Thank you.
Yeah, of course.
Okay, let's go.
Are you sure you'd rather have them
over our best hides?
How many hides?
- Jod!
- No, I'm joking.
- Come on, let's go.
- Papa, they have proven their bravery.
Come.
I will take you to the Fallen Sanctum.
[Jod] So there I was,
surrounded by warriors
who tell me you lot have [chuckling]
joined up with their sworn enemy.
Wasn't looking good.
But, hey, those Hattan guys,
they love a bargain.
So, well, couple of Republic credits...
- [Wim] Wait, what--
- And I bought the whole herd. What?
Where'd you get--
[Wim] Did you steal my dataries?
Yeah.
To save your lives.
[Hayna] There lies the Fallen Sanctum.
[KB] It's their version
of the Supervisor's Tower.
[Neel] Whoa.
On At Attin, no one's allowed up there.
C-Can't say I remember no At Attin.
[Fern] We know.
Come on, 33.
[♪ mysterious music playing]
[Hayna] This is as far as I go.
Wait, you're not coming?
I must return to aid my father.
Come with us, Hayna.
My house has plenty of room.
At Attin is peaceful.
No.
Perhaps someday,
when I am leader of the Troik,
I will remember your ways.
I see now.
Your weakness...
it makes you kind.
And my world could use some kindness.
[Jod] Neel.
Hate to interrupt but...
come on.
Move your trunk.
I don't know what to say.
Then for once...
say nothing.
[♪ wistful music playing]
Neel.
[grunts]
[♪ mysterious music playing]
[door clicks]
[KB] Maybe this will work?
So, who exactly lives here now?
[Neel] Well, on our planet,
this is the Supervisor's Tower,
but here...
[mechanical whirring]
Here is where Hayna said
there would be coordinates.
- Maybe for home?
- [button beeps]
[elevator whirring]
[bird squawks]
Another ruin.
Not much here.
See anything that looks
like a map to At Attin?
[SM-33] C-Can't say
I remember no At Attin.
[Fern shushes]
I think I found something.
Well, that says "At Aytuu."
And these are galactic coordinates.
Look. There's more.
[Jod] That's At Achrann.
And those are the coordinates
that Kh'ymm gave us to this system.
[Wim] Here's At Arissia.
[Fern] Here's At Aravin.
[KB] At Acoda here!
Guys! Guys! I found At Attin!
Oh, no.
The coordinates are gone.
Yeah, they're gone.
- Who would do that?
- [SM-33] I did.
Why? Were you looking for those?
You destroyed them?
When?
When I was here before,
with my old captain.
You were here?
Why would you destroy them?
- Destroy what?
- The coordinates.
- What coordinates?
- What you just said! To At Attin!
C-Can't say I remember no At Attin.
Stop saying that!
Wait, Fern!
Maybe we can repair his memory?
There's probably only
a couple hundred million circuits.
[Jod] Good luck with that.
[Wim] What do we do now, Captain?
[voice breaking] Captain.
[crying]
I have no idea.
I have no idea what I'm doing.
You should've been captain.
I wouldn't have gotten us this far.
I just led us into a battle
and almost got us all killed.
We made it out.
Yeah.
But now we're stuck.
You'll figure something out.
'Cause you're amazing, Fern.
You can't just say, "You're amazing,
now figure something out."
Like I'm supposed to solve everything.
I'm not a droid.
I don't just do whatever I'm told.
Knock it off.
33, where's At Attin?
C-Can't say I remember no At Attin.
What are you doing?
Droids do what they're told.
What if he "can't say" because
he was ordered not to?
I use the same trick
on my nanny droid back home.
[breathing heavily] 33, I'm your captain.
Run memory override.
You remember everything about At Attin.
[circuits whirring]
Ah, yes.
I do remember At Attin.
It was in this very room.
The captain killed any of his crew
that saw the coordinates to At Attin.
Slaughtered them, he did.
Then he ordered me to destroy them
and forget everything
I knew about At Attin.
But you can take us there now, right?
And then he told me,
if anyone ever comes poking around,
looking for the treasure...
Wim, give me the blaster.
He told me to pull them apart.
[♪ foreboding music playing]
Pull 'em apart.
- Pull 'em apart.
- [blaster sputters]
Pull 'em apart.
[growling, stuttering] Limb from limb.
I'm the captain. And I order you to--
- Stop!
- Limb from limb.
- 33!
- Limb from limb!
Hey!
Leave 'em alone!
[♪ heroic music playing]
- Limb from limb!
- [whimpers]
- [switch beeps]
[powering down] Limb from limb.
[Neel panting]
Always go for the off switch.
[Wim] Neel!
Neel, you saved us.
- [chuckling] Neel!
- That was very brave.
[stuttering, wheezing]
[Wim] Neel.
Neel.
He fainted.
[♪ closing theme music playing]